.TH OVN-K8S-OVERLAY "1" "Jan 2018" "ovn-kubernetes" "OVN-KUBERNETES User Commands"
.SH NAME
ovn-k8s-overlay \- initialize gateway
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ovn-k8s-overlay
[\fI\,GLOBAL OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,COMMAND\/\fR [\fI\,COMMAND OPTIONS\/\fR] [\fI\,ARGUMENTS\/\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
ovn-k8s-overlay to init gateway

.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBgateway-init\fR
Initialize k8s gateway node

.PP
.SH COMMAND OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--cluster-ip-subnet\fR  value
The cluster wide larger subnet of private ip addresses.
.TP
\fB\--physical-interface\fR  value
The physical interface via which external connectivity is provided.
.TP
\fB\--bridge-interface\fR  value
The OVS bridge interface via which external connectivity is provided.
.TP
\fB\--physical-ip\fR  value
The ip address of the physical interface or bridge interface via which external connectivity is provided. This should be of the form IP/MASK.
.TP
\fB\--node-name\fR  value
A unique node name.
.TP
\fB\--default-gw\fR  value
The next hop IP address for your physical interface.
.TP
\fB\--rampout-ip-subnets\fR  value
Uses this gateway to rampout traffic originating from the specified comma separated ip subnets.  Used to distribute outgoing traffic via multiple gateways.
.TP
\fB\--nb-privkey\fR  value
The private key used for northbound API SSL connections.
.TP
\fB\--nb-cert\fR  value
The certificate used for northbound API SSL connections.
.TP
\fB\--nb-cacert\fR  value
The CA certificate used for northbound API SSL connections.

.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
show help
.TP
\fB\--version\fR, \fB\-v
print the version


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ovnkube (1),
.BR ovn-kube-util (1),
.BR ovn_k8s (5).

.PP
https://github.com/ovn-org/ovn-kubernetes
