.TH OVNKUBE "1" "Jan 2018" "ovn-kubernetes" "OVN-KUBERNETES User Commands"
.SH NAME
ovnkube \- ovn utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ovnkube
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... [\fI\,FILE\/\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The ovn utility used to confiugre ovn-kubernetes
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\--cluster-subnet\fR string
Cluster wide IP subnet to use (default "11.11.0.0/16")
.TP
\fB\--service-cluster-ip-range\fR value
A CIDR notation IP range from which k8s assigns service cluster IPs.
This should be the same as the one provided for kube-apiserver's
\fB\--service-cluster-ip-range\fR option.
.TP
\fB\--net-controller
Flag to start the central controller that watches pods/services/policies.
.TP
\fB\--init-master\fR string
Initialize master, requires the hostname as argument.
.TP
\fB\--init-node\fR string
Initialize node, requires the name that node is registered with in kubernetes cluster.
.TP
\fB\--remove-node\fR string
Remove a node from the OVN cluster, requires the name that node is registered
with in kubernetes cluster.
.TP
\fB\--init-gateways\fR
Initialize a gateway in the minion. Only useful with \fB--init-node\fR.
.TP
\fB\--gateway-interface\fR string
The interface in minions that will be the gateway interface.  If none
specified, then the node's interface on which the default gateway is
configured will be used as the gateway interface. Only useful with
\fB\--gateway-spare-interface\fR
If set, assumes that \fB\--gateway-interface\fR provided can be
exclusively used for  the OVN gateway.  When specified, only OVN
related traffic can flow through this interface.
\fB--init-gateways\fR.
.TP
\fB\--gateway-nexthop\fR string
The external default gateway which is used as a next hop by
OVN gateway. This is many times just the default gateway
of the node in question. If not specified, the default gateway
configured in the node is used. Only useful with \fB--init-gateways\fR.
.TP
\fB\--gateway-spare-interface\fR
If true, assumes that "gateway-interface" provided can be exclusively
used for the OVN gateway.  When true, only OVNrelated traffic can flow
through this interface.
.TP
\fB\--gateway-localnet\fR
If true, creates a localnet gateway to let traffic reach host network
and also exit host with iptables NAT. A localnet gateway will have
a IP address of 169.254.33.2.
.TP
\fB\--nodeport\fR
Setup nodeport based entries in OVN gateways for ingress into the k8s cluster.
By default, it is disabled.
.TP
\fB\--config-file\fR string
Configuration file path.
.TP
\fB\--mtu\fR value
MTU value used for the overlay networks. (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\--conntrack-zone\fR value
For gateway nodes, the conntrack zone used for conntrack flow rules (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\--loglevel\fR int
Log verbosity and level: 5=debug, 4=info, 3=warn, 2=error, 1=fatal (default: 0).
.TP
\fB\--logfile\fR string
Logfile name (with path) for ovnkube to write to.
.TP
\fB\--pidfile\fR string
(Optional) file name that will contain the pid.
.TP
\fB\--cni-conf-dir\fR string
The CNI config directory in which to write the overlay CNI config file.
.TP
\fB\--cni-plugin\fR string
The name of the CNI plugin.
.TP
\fB\--k8s-kubeconfig\fR string
Absolute path to the kubeconfig file (not required if the --k8s-apiserver, --k8s-cacert, and --k8s-token are given).
.TP
\fB\--k8s-apiserver\fR string
URL to the Kubernetes apiserver (default "https://localhost:8443") (not required if --k8s-kubeconfig is given).
.TP
\fB\--k8s-cacert\fR string
The absolute path to the Kubernetes API CA certificate (not required if --k8s-kubeconfig is given).
.TP
\fB\--k8s-token\fR string
The Kubernetes API authentication token (not required if --k8s-kubeconfig is given).
.TP
\fB\--nb-address\fR string
IP address and port of the OVN northbound API (eg, ssl://1.2.3.4:6641). Leave empty to use a local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-server-privkey\fR string
Private key that the OVN northbound API should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-server-cert\fR string
Server certificate that the OVN northbound API should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-server-cacert\fR string
CA certificate that the OVN northbound API should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-client-privkey\fR string
Private key that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-client-cert\fR string
Client certificate that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--nb-client-cacert\fR string
CA certificate that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-address\fR string
IP address and port of the OVN southbound database (eg, ssl://1.2.3.4:6642).  Leave empty to use a local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-server-privkey\fR string
Private key that the OVN southbound database should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use a local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-server-cert\fR string
Server certificate that the OVN southbound database should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use a local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-server-cacert\fR string
CA certificate that the OVN southbound database should use for securing the API.  Leave empty to use a local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-client-privkey\fR string
Private key that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-client-cert\fR string
Client certificate that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--sb-client-cacert\fR string
CA certificate that the client should use for talking to the OVN database.  Leave empty to use local unix socket.
.TP
\fB\--ha
Flag to rebuild ovn db if it is started on a new node (experimental feature).
.TP
\fB\--help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
Show help.
.TP
\fB\--version\fR, \fB\-v\fR
Print the version.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ovn-k8s-overlay (1),
.BR ovn-kube-util (1),
.BR ovn_k8s (5).

.PP
https://github.com/openvswitch/ovn-kubernetes
